Old man, I gave you Donghai Mingzhu as a gift.
Please take action and help me become an official.
He walked in well without learning and without a sense of destruction.
I will definitely return the request of Shang Niu of Dengbi.
He can solve the travel company's financial problems and Yang Loucheng's many expansion operations.
What did you get? Do you still want to make a request from me?
Do you have this qualification? The Lu family has a career and is helpless.
They can only rely on the strength of their karma, and I'm afraid they will have to go back in the long run.
Old man, is this too much for you to say?
Don't say that these 30 million are just for 300 million.
Your identity is still not allowed to do
Don't, don't be fat
I already took out this gift
There's no need to do things so absolutely
No, it's to blame
If you want to say that
I have no doubt about this marriage.